I was born and raised in Big Stone Gap
for the beautiful I don't know
[Music]
I know you can see me before I knew it
it was 1978 and I turned 40 I was the
old maid
but this point you just got to take
whatever you can get it was out last
night sue Tinsley come on she's a catch
okay
Gary Cooper a Big Stone Gap you had
sheriff Sooners Jack Mad Max Ave Maria
you know less about men than you do
about cosmetics my favorite book on
Chinese face reading
no no I've read the face of every man
I've ever known
never been wrong you don't need a book
to learn what to do with Maggie this is
an old toaster but when he bleeds the
damn your mama came in to see me about
doing the well when people die it's an
old secret come out this is my father
this sure explains your nose that's it's
very room strong alone and the two shall
be one anybody at this wedding
I saw my father in a dream and I have to
go find him I'm leaving I'm going to
Italy I got a good job got some money
saved I think we should get married I
don't want to just get married I've
given everything I have to this place I
want to see him do so much that it
changes me
[Music]
I like being the town spinster it has
cachet yeah well you can't hug cachet
you